README.md, before:

CPR (cp -R)
===========

There are other modules out there that attempt this,
but none did it the way I needed it to be done or
they had issues and the author failed to fix them in a
timely manner.


Install
-------

    npm install cpr


Build Status
------------

[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/davglass/cpr.png)](http://travis-ci.org/davglass/cpr)

Usage
-----

```js
var cpr = require('cpr');
//or
var cpr = require('cpr').cpr; //Back compat

cpr('/path/from', '/path/to', {
    deleteFirst: true, //Delete "to" before
    overwrite: true, //If the file exists, overwrite it
    confirm: true //After the copy, stat all the copied files to make sure they are there
}, function(err, files) {
    //err - The error if any (err.list might be available with an array of errors for more detailed information)
    //files - List of files that we copied
});

cpr('/path/from', '/path/to', function(err, files) {
    //err - The error if any (err.list might be available with an array of errors for more detailed information)
    //      In the case of an error, cpr continues to copy files but returns this error object with all of the files that it failed to copy.
    //files - List of files that we copied
});
```

Options
-------

All options default to `false`.

   * `deleteFirst`: Delete the to directory with `rimraf`
   * `overwrite`: If the destination exists, overwrite it
   * `confirm`: After the copy operation, stat all the files and report errors if any are missing
   * `filter`: `RegExp` or `function` to test each file against before copying


Filtering
---------

If you give it a `RegExp`, it will use that to `test` the filename as they are being gathered. If it passes, it will be removed.
If you give it a `function`, it will use that with `Array.filter` on the list of files.


CLI
---

`cpr` can also be used from the command line which is useful for cross platform support.


![cpr](../master/cpr.jpg?raw=true)

Commit message:

Include CLI documentation in README.md, update usage.txt to reflect CLI filter option

README.md, after:

CPR (cp -R)
===========

There are other modules out there that attempt this, but none did it the way I needed it to be done or they had issues and the author failed to fix them in a timely manner.

Install
-------

    npm install cpr


Build Status
------------

[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/davglass/cpr.png)](http://travis-ci.org/davglass/cpr)

Usage
-----

```js
var cpr = require('cpr');
//or
var cpr = require('cpr').cpr; //Back compat

cpr('/path/from', '/path/to', {
    deleteFirst: true, //Delete "to" before
    overwrite: true, //If the file exists, overwrite it
    confirm: true //After the copy, stat all the copied files to make sure they are there
}, function(err, files) {
    //err - The error if any (err.list might be available with an array of errors for more detailed information)
    //files - List of files that we copied
});

cpr('/path/from', '/path/to', function(err, files) {
    //err - The error if any (err.list might be available with an array of errors for more detailed information)
    //      In the case of an error, cpr continues to copy files but returns this error object with all of the files that it failed to copy.
    //files - List of files that we copied
});
```

Options
-------

All options default to `false`.

   * `deleteFirst`: Delete the to directory with `rimraf`
   * `overwrite`: If the destination exists, overwrite it
   * `confirm`: After the copy operation, stat all the files and report errors if any are missing
   * `filter`: `RegExp` or `function` to test each file against before copying


Filtering
---------

If you give it a `RegExp`, it will use that to `test` the filename as they are being gathered. If it passes, it will be removed.
If you give it a `function`, it will use that with `Array.filter` on the list of files.


CLI
---

`cpr` can also be used from the command line which is useful for cross platform support.

Usage:

```
cpr <source> <destination> [options]
```
Copies files from `source` to `destination`.

Options:

* `-d`, `--delete-first`:             Delete the destination directory before copying.
* `-f <regex>`, `--filter <regex>`:   Filter out any items that match `<regex>`, a case-insensitive regex pattern.
* `-h`, `--help`:                     Display this usage info.
* `-o`, `--overwrite`:                Overwrite the destination exists if it exists.
* `-v`, `--version`:                  Display the cpr version.

Note that the CLI's `filter` option is simpler than the original NodeJS API, only accepting case-insensitive regular expression patterns and not functions.

![cpr](../master/cpr.jpg?raw=true)
